throughout history mankind has strived
to beat its records Roger Bannister and
his four-minute mile Hussein bolts
hundred meters in nine point six nine
seconds Neneh Cherry's seven seconds to
ninety Gareth will attempt a new record
making a bacon sandwich in 30 seconds
he's assembled all the essentials bread
bacon and a blowtorch of course no
legendary figure works without a team
Edmund Hillary had Tenzing Norgay the
fresh prince had DJ Jazzy Jeff and
Gareth has Sethi Ally Chrissie ugh Chris
and James the ketchup holder the clock
starts as soon as the flame hits the
bacon and they're off now the
temperature the flame is gonna be
somewhere over a thousand degrees
Celsius but the sandwich has to be
edible to count so he's got to make sure
all that he tortures everywhere look at
that the flame licking away at the raw
bacon exactly the way that someone's
tongue shouldn't James ready with the
ketchup that is his only job here today
the my odd reaction now taking hold in
the bacon the heat causing amino acids
and sugar to reaction Brown a process
generally called delicious the dreads
are ready still holding that ketchup
there James good job nearly done smoke
coming off the bacon now with the clock
running down and gallops hair getting a
little too close to the voltage we're
waiting for there it is only with
pinpoint bacon placing precision there's
the ketchum it's an excellent ketchup
poland runs on twenty nine point five
seconds twenty nine point five ladies
and gentlemen the first thirty second
bacon sandwich and is edible it's edible
congratulations to Gareth on the team a
world record set right here right now
that has been the thirty second